
Hi! My name is Ethan. Welcome to my personal website!

This website was brought to you by [insert generic sponsor]!
With [generic sponsor] you can [blah blah blah blah blah].

Aren't you glad that this is *just* a text file?
Imagine if that was a real ad.
Served from the same domain as this site and merged into the page in order to prevent adblockers from removing it.
And then I ran a script that checks for page modifications in order to request you disable your adblocker.

Please use adblockers when on the internet.

Anyways, a little about me.

What I do for work:

I'm a firmware engineer at Western Digital.
My job mostly involves resolving bugs related to host (the thing the HDD is plugged into) interactions and with performance related issues.
I like my job because it's reasonably challenging and I was bored of web dev after my internship and university work.
There's always something new to learn every week, if not every day, which isn't something I can say about web dev.
I've always felt that web dev is quite easy to get into the flow with, and so I could never be truly satisfied with CRUD work.
Perhaps if I was working on some unique algorithm I would have enjoyed it more.

As I just mentioned, I was previously involved in a good amount of web dev work.
As a result, I have experience with all sorts of industry standard libraries and platforms such as Tomcat, React and AWS.
Across all my roles I've explored tools like Docker, k8s, git and more.

I've also used a variety of languages but at the moment I primarily work in C++, Python and TCL.
Previously I've worked in Java and JavaScript.
My favorite language is C -- mostly because I feel that pointers are easier to quickly identify and convey intention better than a C++ reference (non-const).

My hobbies:

My hobbies come and go, but I love motorsports -- F1, Endurance Racing, Rally, and MotoGP are some of my most watched sports.
I generally enjoy hobbies that are hands on like LEGOs, cooking, building watches, building keyboards and various projects using microcontrollers.
When I can, I also enjoy reading -- anything from comics/manga/manwha to sci-fi, fantasy, and contemporary romance books.

I'm also a huge fan of Linux.
I daily drive Fedora KDE on my desktop and Arch on my laptop (I use Arch btw).
I helped found the Linux User Group at my college right before I graduated.
I initially made the switch in college to Linux Mint because I was tired of Windows 11 being slow, bloated and all the changes Microslop kept pushing out.
It also made work as a developer so much easier because most tools are designed to work on Linux systems, freeing me from relying on ssh-ing into my school servers.
I also heavily riced my setups, something that I found extremely enjoyable and a great way to pass time while learning more about the tools I'm using.

I love food and caffeine, especially exploring in order to try new things -- provided that I'm not driving upwards of 45 minutes each way.
One of my goals is to visit a new restaurant or cafe every week, to explore the area where I live.
I keep a list of all the cafes that I've ever visited for coffee or matcha, and because I love caffeine I'm always looking for an excuse to go out and try new drinks.
I'm partial to banana flavored drinks and mango flavored drinks, and I swear by 2% milk.
Feel free to reach out for some recs in OC (you can make an issue on Github and I'll respond there)!

My life:

One of my guiding philosophies in life is that we should always be challenged.
Without challenging ourselves, we will never grow and we will never improve.
There are many, many ways to challenge yourself.
Physically, mentally, intellectually.
No matter what you do, try to find one way to challenge yourself every day.
Every day, try to be at least a tiny bit better than yesterday.

I'm also a heavy believer that people who are fortunate enough to have experience and wisdom have the responsibility to foster growth in younger generations and in the less experienced.
Knowledge and wisdom should never end with you.
Find someone to mentor, to share your knowledge with, because you literally gain nothing from gatekeeping the information. 
You never know what that person might do or become as a result of you spreading the wealth of information in your head.
They might be inspired to change the field they're studying, to do extensive academic research in groundbreaking topics, to build or invent something that changes the world.

